Well, I have the privilege of being part
of a delegation of brothers from 18 countries
who’ve been assigned
by the Governing Body to attend
the Supreme Court hearing
in Moscow on July 17.
The principal objective is to just show
unity and support for our brothers.
I’m going to Russia
in order to be of encouragement
to the local Russian brothers and sisters there.
I will encourage them to continue
to ‘obey Jehovah as ruler rather than men.’
Our intent is to try and visit
many of the embassies
and speak to a variety of different high officials
about what’s happening right now
with our brothers in Russia.
And, really, when you think of it,
this is almost a way of saying
that our international brotherhood
is all coming to the defense,
or to the aid, of our brothers in Russia.
And actually, when you
think about it or when you meditate on it,
it really is a very, very beautiful thing.
Jehovah has everything under control.
And whatever the outcome may be,
there is no doubt that Jehovah
will continue to strengthen our brothers.